Add news and event pages for virtual competition transition (#208)
srobo/website: _events/sr2020/virtual-competition.md

---
title: Competition
layout: event
type: competition
location: Online
---

> The Student Robotics Competition marks the ultimate stage of SR2020, showcasing the months of preparation. Our teams will work hard to push their robots to the limit and quickly make repairs between league matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Student Robotics Competition marks the ultimate stage of SR2020, showcasing the months of preparation. Our teams will see their autonomous virtual robots to compete against each other, quickly evolving their strategies to gain the upper hand.
```

location: Online
---

> The Student Robotics Competition marks the ultimate stage of SR2020, showcasing the months of preparation. Our teams will work hard to push their virtual robots to the limit, competing against eachother, and evolving their strategies to gain the upper hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Student Robotics Competition marks the ultimate stage of SR2020, showcasing the months of preparation. Our teams will work hard to push their virtual robots to the limit, competing against each other, and evolving their strategies to gain the upper hand.
```
